Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today
- John!
- Nancy, Look out!
Come on!
Come on, Nancy. Come on!
- Dad?
- Sorry son, I could not do it.
You will have to...
pa, pa!
pa!
I love you!
Mr. President,
here she is again.
Father going to be killed.
I'm not in danger, dear.
They hate you, Abraham! Why
have to go to that horrible place?
Because the Battle of Gettysburg
was important...
- And needs to be recognized.
- I do not see why...
There were 50,000 casualties.
It is a tribute to these mass graves
and yes... I must watch.
I was asked to speak.
What they refuse to say
on the bodies of young dead?
I think our victory here
was something that will change the war.
I want to give a message
unifying...
- And hope.
- Hope?
You?
You are the most melancholy man
I have ever known, Mr. Lincoln.
Maybe so.
Mr. President, the Secretary
is waiting downstairs.
Okay...
Fear not, dear.
You'll still have me
for many years.
What is that we can recapitulate
Operation "Big Shanty" was disastrous.
Of the 30 men we send,
only one survived.
And apparently gone mad.
How so?
You are telling stories about...
undead.
And cannibalism.
Clearly crazy.
Men undead?
The union or the confederation?
Of the two, he said.
Or no, I do not know.
Who controls the strong?
No one knows.
We must control the strong.
I've been looking at our options.
Grant remains victorious.
We could have 1,000 troops
ready in a few days.
No... do not want to show
with so many rebels in the fort yet.
We cannot send more men to
understand what is happening?
I need to talk
with this young man.
It has a small scythe in my closet,
she could bring me, please?
This is Mr. John McGill
an old friend.
Frankly, he and my wife
think I'm in danger.
And he insists on accompanying me
everywhere, at all times.
I think you're putting yourself in
danger now, Mr. President.
I can handle myself alone.
I believe there
a certain risk, sir.
I'll take care not to do
harm to the president.
Dr. Mallahoff leads the team
doctor here in the bunker.
- It is an honour to meet you, President.
- How's our patient?
Do not respond to any treatment
and his condition is getting worse every hour.
He is lucid and can
communicate verbally,
but became more violent.
I fear that we have
to tie it.
I understand.
Around here, gentlemen.
Do you know who I am, Captain?
What happened?
Where is the rest
of your patrol?
Dead, all are... dead!
You're the only survivor?
They killed everyone!
Who? The rebels?
You faced the Confederates
in the open?
No... No...
They are also dead.
So against whom
you fought for?
There were so many...
Everywhere
They... in... bite.
E...
I do not understand, Captain.
They ate our meat!
Cannot be killed,
but we have done in pieces!
Who could have done this?
What kind of disease?
Or poison?
The rebels could have done
some kind of weapon,
who steals men
their souls?
What makes them
in demented cannibal?
This is not working
confederation.
And then we
facing what?
Mr. Secretary...
As the new Secret Service...
This is a call to a mission.
- Only...
- Very well.
Ready for a mission
behind enemy lines?
- Sir? - We have
send a small team
the strong Pulaski, to determine
exactly what happened
the operation "Big Shanty", we have
find out how the infection spread.
We must find these men
and we must capture this strong.
Is the same as
the slightest possibility.
I fear not being understood.
If this is what I think is
must be controlled.
Before spreading,
which will be very fast.
If spread more, can
wipe out the population!
And if they become aware, can generate
panic and it would be fatal.
Are you saying that we should send 12
agents behind enemy lines,
against an army that only God
know how many men,
to see what happened
during the war?
- I'm... - Who would lead
such a suicide mission?
I know men and
perfect for this job.
Stay here, Mr. President.
Captain Eckert! We just want your
recovery and well-being, sir!
Captain, stay there!
I do not want to shoot you!
- Edwin, his sword is sharpened
and ready? - Always, President.
Well,
bring my sickle of carriage.
Mr. President!
Now we are seeing
against what we are.
- With the oldest dead...
- No, you cannot go.
- It's impossible! - Yourself
said! A suicide mission!
How could I ask another
man who go in my place?
Need you here,
to lead the war.
The fate of the nation
hangs in the balance.
I think the fate of the nation
is the success of this mission.
What's the point in preserving a
union populated by people like Eckert?
- Yes.. but...
- I think you have knowledge
the disease
that led Eckert.
I am the only one who can
lead the mission.
What you're saying will
against all reason.
Imagine 100 men and Eckert.
Now imagine 1,000 women and
children too, all the same.
This rather goes against reason.
You will tell a story about
where I am and what I'm doing.
Nobody should know
I left the capital.
Not even Mary Todd.
Okay, so we have to go
soon as possible.
Do what the driver stops
the train is coming.
It is the further we
travelling on the train.
Our men took off their
tracks later.
Let's stop here
to breathe a little.
Gentlemen,
I assume that everyone knows...
anaconda plan block
throughout the south, deny access...
the boats and the exchange.
Thanks to the victory of General Grant,
almost have the Mississippi River.
We are virtually cut
the Confederation...
Providing...
weapons and supplies.
Then the whole block
must expand.
The victory should be with minimal
distraction and loss of life.
Now the strong Pulaski
is at a key exchange
near the Savannah River
the Georgia coast,
is something of great importance.
Operation "Big Shanty" disguised
infiltration and capture of the fort,
without a
greater strength.
Well, the mission failed.
It may have been
a disaster.
So we're on a mission to
search and rescue, Mr. President?
Something like that.
Indeed, gentlemen, I hope
recover our lost troops.
But not aver iguei what led to
failure and not completing the mission.
Because the course was
something happened!
Fort Pulaski
must be captured!
For our fallen comrades!
And the success of our mission!
What do you think
leader of this rash?
It is an honour to be with the president
the United States.
It's true.
But you voted for him?
He was a man of Douglas,
like me.
He is the president, and if someone is
that can hold together the nation,
is it.
I wonder
if you can with the task.
It is a brave man, has its
well placed convictions.
I met him.
They want a leader?
I would follow Lincoln
to hell.
- Probably get your chance, my boy
- I'm not your boy
1, 2, 3.
Stop.
Who's there?
Wait a minute!
Identify yourself.
Mr. President!
Lord!
How could you?
The noise must have attracted him.
Shut it!
Yes, sir!
Throw in the head!
- How is he?
- Not so bad.
The bullet entered and exited
and did not break any bones.
Is injured in another way?
Bitten or scratched?
No... I can see.
Look... someone is injured?
We need to know!
Bitten? Scratched?
His blood has entered its
mouth during the fight?
Try to keep everything
in this way.
We have to ensure strong.
The doors give advantage to the rebels,
we cannot reach them.
- Then find them. - Lord,
we have to find others!
After!
Before we get rebel!
Jameson, Shaw,
to the south.
The three of you with me.
Brown is in charge of these ports!
Go!
Let's see what we can
do with it.
Nothing...
Where are the others?
I think I saw the northwest.
Okay, let's go.
Caution.
You there. Turn It Up!
I said to surrender!
We take you and cannot escape.
Put down your weapons.
Surrender, or shoot back.
Identify themselves.
I am Thomas Jonathan Jackson.
Army general
confederation.
General Jackson?
Stonewall Jackson?
Himself.
It is an honour to meet you, sir.
However good you are, General,
should now surrender
or die where you are.
Do not surrender these facilities
for you.
And I'll die happy
defending them.
So be it.
- General Jackson?
- Hey! We guarantee...
Mr. Chamberlin, enough!
General... not want to see
more blood spilled today.
We exceeded you in number,
sir.
Please put the gun down.
Abraham Lincoln.
I wanted to meet him,
but under circumstances
different.
Empty.
General, can I ask how
ended up in this place?
You may ask, sir,
but the big question is
how you will respond by
murders committed...
- ... This day?
- Murders?
Yes, personally saw to kill
two unarmed Confederate
moments ago.
They went looking for this strong
refuge and you cut them...
Literally... I must say
this scythe hidden in his bag.
General, you know these men
were no longer members of his army.
I can tell
which no longer males.
Lie! They were looking
medical treatment.
One was an officer...
the rules of...
- See the tone with the president.
- Take care of your tone in general.
Calm down, Mr. Chamberlin.
Now we're fighting an enemy
much larger than ourselves.
Want to General
admit it or not.
Why not kill
these idiots now?
Mr. Brown,
I destroy my enemies,
instead of being their friend?
No sir, they destroy
when the forest.
We must preserve
our ammunition.
We must persuade the General
and his men.
Perhaps the wisdom of enxerguem
our situation and customs.
These men need
medical treatment. We have a...
- You have one? - You are protected
in many locks.
The first order is to ensure that
strong that most intruders from entering.
General... you and your men
can help us in this effort.
We will not cooperate with the
enemy in service, sir.
So be it.
Sr., guarantees prisoners.
General...
not mix things.
We are in a situation very
danger and we must treat it as such.
- Should we leave this place.
- We cannot escape!
- Why not?
- We are on a mission!
To hell with the mission, say
let the rebels to their destination,
and go to a safe place.
- That is impossible. - Not
know how many sick men
- Are out there.
- They act like zombies.
- Like what?
- Zombies.
A word I learned
with my mother.
Zombies are corpses betrayed
back to life by magic.
But... only used
as slaves.
They were... so.
I also prefer the slaves
normal... Thank you.
We should ask for help.
How do you propose we do that?
There should be a telegraph
in some office here?
- At the train station.
- Have been disabled.
Mr. Pin is a good idea.
Now, Agent Hopkins, go to
I coast and toward the city.
The rest is here and keep
the strong protected.
I would like to take care
best of prisoners.
I wanted to join you,
Mr. President.
Mr. Brown, I think it has great
opportunity to fight with zombies
but for now I want
help our forces here.
Mr. Hopkins!
You will be caring
of prisoners.
Now we have to do our
work with absolute silence.
The sound lighter including
shots, awakens them.
And that will bring danger and death.
What are your plans
after the war?
I will return to the stage
achieve.
- Are you an actor?
- I did some things, yes.
I come from a family
artists, actually.
That sounds good.
It seems an interesting job
for a man.
You have no idea.
Damn!
- This does not look promising.
- Perhaps the device still works.
Mike!
By God, help me!
He's dead!
The dead came from nowhere!
- How many?
- Many more have been!
- Mr. President!
- Come on!
Is anyone there?
Open the door, damn it!
It's too bad?
It's just my leg.
He went straight into the muscle!
Please
stop shooting!
We do not want to hurt you!
We just want to seek refuge!
We hit
and we had to break your door!
The city is completely
infested by these poor souls
who are roaming the streets.
It's good to find others who are
except the infection.
They will not talk to us?
Maybe we can join forces.
- Please bow your guns
- Put down its first.
You'll be right there
know what is good for you.
We come in peace.
- Abe?
- Yes
I am Abraham...
Mary...
- Mary Owens, you could...
- Mother!
After so many years
you come in my house
expecting me to give you shelter?
I did not know
you lived in Savannah.
Wait... You two know each other?
You know the President?
My men need
medical care.
Result of your
excellent marksmanship.
Bring them here.
I'll meet them.
Mother.. mother,
could explain to me?
I was your age and was
visiting his aunt Betsy,
and met a young
by which I fell in love.
And everything was... very magical.
When I returned home,
I asked one of the letters
if I would see him.
He would marry me.
So it was so.
Listen to the story... when you arrived,
he never again spoke of marriage.
But you wrote a letter
saying that you were free.
Of course I would not be released,
but gave me no other option.
He was the man?
But he is not...
Oh no, dear,
you're too young for that.
I never lied to you
on the action.
This does not seem so bad.
I'll clean it up soon.
Abe... this is my daughter, Sophia.
And this lovely creature is Annika.
The two work for me here.
Well, did it
before all this started.
- And this young man is Teddy.
- Tidal R., Mr. President
- From New York.
- It was separated from the family.
In the panic to accept here.
I'm John Wilkinson, lady.
And he is Mr. Shaw.
And this is Mr. Hopkins,
lying on her beautiful
oak flooring.
Nice to meet you, guys.
Why did you?
My car was stolen while
prepared to leave.
I thought it would only take a day or two
until help arrived.
You are the help?
Not as much as you expect.
The rest of my men is
at Fort Pulaski.
We go there so
end with Mr. Hopkins.
And how do propose that we move
the unfortunate things?
Do you have any choice but
the front door?
The back door
facing the alley.
As still have
of ammunition?
- Do not fall without a fight.
- Very well.
Okay, Mr. Shaw, we will
distraction in the front door.
Attract all the zombies,
the rest can escape behind.
Yes, Mr. President.
- Can you, Mr. Hopkins? - We
protect women and children.
This slightly increases the pressure
the moment Mr Wilkinson.
No one needs to protect me.
I can handle myself alone!
I'm sure you can,
boy.
Surely we have a weapon
the most to you.
Here, while
advancing,
walk slowly,
and press this club.
Want me to walk
beside her, Miss. Annika?
Well, dear, after the
dressings on Mr. Hopkins can go.
Go straight to the strong
we'll meet there.
- Do not be afraid, lady.
- Rarely have I, Mr. Lincoln.
There they are! Come on!
Mr. Shaw!
Come on!
Open the Gate!
They are coming!
Come on.
- She cannot go, boy.
Bite her! - No!
- Fast!
- Now!
All in!
How could you do that?
How could he leave her?
There is no hope
for any of them?
- None.
- Where is Mike?
He didn’t make it.
- And you?
- Only one bullet, I swear.
I do not bite.
She shot me.
A lady has the right
to protect themselves.
- And the mission? - The Telegraph
was destroyed when we arrived.
What is your plan, Abe?
I wish I could have one.
Cannot know
the total number
zombie in this part.
We have few men without much
supplies for lack of time.
Mary...
This epidemic
must be contained.
There is nothing that one can use
this strong?
Nothing we have found.
I question your
trial.
- I question... - Beware
says Mr. Wilkinson.
He lied and had no idea
what we were facing.
- We did not come prepared.
- We have our training.
The certain death awaits us
each time we returned.
And he still finds time to...
save two tramps.
He has a good argument.
Calm down, sir.
- General, I wanted...
- Mr. Lincoln.
I object to the presence
a...
The woman... my forte.
Mrs. Owens is an old friend
I, General Jackson.
If I say something,
this is a strong war.
I would say that we have more challenges
before us that require
more attention than the presence
a woman, sir.
Actually I came to talk to
you on that subject.
Sit down, please.
Our recent search changed
to have very different.
In this situation
we are facing,
we cannot be
in place indefinitely
and just go out
nor is it a possibility.
What we do
is to kill all these zombies.
Zombies? That seems gossip
slave, sir.
These are unfortunate people
they were soldiers, and some
are heroes of the confederacy.
Some may be civilians, but
everyone has the right to live.
Are already dead,
just do not know it.
No, they...
They ill.
Come visit their prisoners.
No cure there is no hope.
For starters, there is no chance
have a peaceful death.
Since the time of infection
you have 24 hours.
After the conversion is complete
and you can spread the disease.
His body
still working.
They are pure speculation,
you do not even know...
I do idea, General.
I have faced anything like this before.
It was a boy
9 years in Indiana.
When thus a disease
invaded our town
began to destroy
our community.
For no apparent reason.
And no explanation
that we could see.
Myths and rumours, all from meat
infected by black magic.
But no real answer.
Good people... friends.
Family members,
all fell.
After much blood,
eradicated other cities.
At least found
we had done it.
Until two days ago when a
infected man came back this strong.
This disease is spread quickly and mercy.
The only way to defeat it is
kill all the infected people.
There is no other way.
Sounds attract these creatures
when a shot in the head affects
attracts more.
A perfect aim can be
difficult to achieve
in such circumstances.
Being behind them
is much safer.
General!
It has a sword, knife or other
tools that could
- Use in this war, sir?
- Mr. Lincoln.
Had a mobile cannon here,
I certainly would not tell you.
Since you
is my enemy, sir.
And do I help him
in their inhuman acts.
This is unfortunate, sir.
Your help would be nice to me.
Besides its people are
running much danger as mine.
Mr. President,
I have a suggestion.
In recent months I have come to
a town near here.
There is a plantation a mile
here where many of the implements
are of the type
that just described.
We could get them
and use them as weapons.
What is your name?
Brad Kirk, sir.
And you would work alongside
union men on such a mission?
Would work.
I think this crisis
is greater than we
and after all
we are all Americans.
Very well.
Come with me.
Out again?
This is a madness.
What makes you think we can
trust the rebels, Mr. President?
I believe he is
a man of his word.
Do not put my life
in the hands of the rebels.
Neither do I.
- Neither do I.
- I do, sir.
I do not think so
much later.
I understand.
But who will come with us
this mission?
Sophia and I will join
to you, Abe.
Me too.
And many want to kill zombies
send them back to hell.
His enthusiasm surprises me,
Mr. Rosendale.
You are a young
very brave.
Okay then...
there is no time to lose.
We must avoid conflicts
at all costs.
The return to the safety distance
is too long to take the risk.
- If I may, ma'am.
- It's best to walk, Mr. Shaw.
Yes.. but I was
wondering
as you just this type
of circumstance?
Hunting for zombies?
Or prostitution?
- Referring to me... - It's just what has
for women like my mother and me.
Especially here,
war is no friend of women
unmarried with children, Mr. Shaw.
It is not my intention
judge you, Sophia.
Never is.
If we survive all this, I
could take it somewhere.
Tools
must be in the barn.
Remember...
trample with care
and be silent.
Why are not they
attacking us?
- They must be asleep.
- Say your prayers, friends.
No! The noise!
Mr. President!
I thought I needed help.
Come on!
Come on.
Open the doors,
they're coming!
How are you feeling?
Too bad.
I feel I'm falling.
I feel I'm
losing consciousness.
- Much pain?
- No worse than light.
Mary... I have no words
to express my pain.
Not only for their
current condition,
for my actions
years ago.
I loved you.
Still love you.
I never imported another woman
that was not you.
I was so young and foolish.
I took some advice
questionable.
The truth is that I did not think
that you deserve.
I am not asking you to forgive me,
But I forgive you
the same way, Abraham.
That's very sweet
on your part.
I should tell Sophia
about your condition?
No...
I'll tell her.
Alright.
I'll call her and...
then I come visit you.
Be brave, Abe.
You know what to do.
I look forward to this match
until we succeed.
And conquer... the undead.
It will not help us?
No, and you, soldier,
will be marked by insubordination.
Roger that, sir.
This morning,
without charity from anyone
march to war.
With our dear Lord,
and this map
designed by Garrett,
we have to kill as many creatures
as our strength allows us to.
Everyone knows the strategy.
Know their peers.
They go to their assigned positions,
Clear the area
and advance to next position
until the city is clean.
- And back here safe.
- It seems very simple.
Cannot fail,
if they are determined.
Otherwise will not succeed!
But I must remind you,
again
if any member of our
team is infected,
should be treated as a
enemy and must be eliminated.
There can be exceptions
to this rule.
President Lincoln,
I cannot support this mission.
Blooded murder of innocent people
cold is simply unacceptable.
I understand.
Anybody else have something to say...
on the ethics of our task?
Very well.
Mr. Wilkinson, watch Mary Owens
while she feels weak through.
Reassure her if necessary.
- Yes, sir. - Tell Mr. Hopkins
to continue with the prisoners.
Now, the decision
Mr. Wilkinson, Mr. Pin,
you accompany Mr. Garrett,
and Mr. Rosendale, you stay here.
Do not do that, Mr. President.
Very well then.
You will join Miss. Owens.
Give us a moment
Spike to remind the agent,
Barn and Don Kelly.
These valiant men who
fought and died here,
who came to defend
this land,
and we, the living,
let's finish the job
of noble men.
They did not die in vain.
Remember, Eddie,
men who are against it
they cannot against anything.
Yes, Mr. President!
A man should always fight!
I suppose that is all.
We cannot say,
but we have gone well
until now.
We should go back to the strong
and rest awhile.
I'm not tired.
Again back!
The tramp of Lincoln,
the great lost love
President
the United States.
You are nothing more
than a prostitute.
What society of Washington
will think, dear?
It is too much for you to achieve.
Only the brightness
youth
affects the cheeks,
Ms Owens.
Do not go anywhere.
What a disgrace, official
the lack of respect
one who cared for you
for a crime
that this training
is unable to
compared to its presence.
It makes me sick.
Hans let?
Yoram Hans let Centerville.
Cannot be.
After all these years
here you are.
That idiot you chained
as I passed by here
without knowing it was you.
While the other men fled
a cold chase,
makes my stomach sick.
Want to know the secret?
I'm not who I seem to be.
My friend,
I am a secret agent.
No... I am not an agent
Lincoln's Secret Service, but
an agent of the glorious confederacy.
Using the skills that
developed over a lifetime.
In the theatre at all wrong,
even the President.
A toast for me
and my ability.
Thank you, George,
you're very kind.
Health for their help.
I think you understand me.
I think it is mistaking
Hensley on...
You do not hurt me.
Is not it?
My companion and friend...
Why not return
for battle?
His boots are on earth.
A bit of land
under their fingernails.
I meant...
metaphorically speaking,
This key opens
the lock.
You are free!
You are free to return
the battlefield, George!
No! No!
No, George!
No!
You need to stay
with me here.
Okay,
let's stay here.
Do not take orders from you, Rebel.
I was not giving orders,
I was just saying...
I do not care what you
can say, stupid.
- We got to get out of here!
- Calm.
Perhaps we can find
something to use there.
- I doubt it.
- Worth a try!
At least we can be
hidden until they're gone.
Not going anywhere
until they say.
For the last time, traitor,
do not take orders from rebel!
You want to stay here
and die?
The prerogative is yours.
Go, go!
Okay... Teddy.
I want you to hide here
until the battle ends.
No, sir,
I want to fight!
All right, kid.
Try this.
- How are the ammunition?
- Are over.
And if we get there until
we can find something?
No! I do not like.
We can buy one more day
to say.
- Please?
- Come on!
Maybe they're upstairs.
I need to see what is
happening out there.
Let's go up.
No!
Stay here with me!
What you see up there?
It's all very dark.
Why do not you...
- Give me the gun!
- He bit you?
What? It is nothing!
The gun! There's more coming!
What's your problem?
Who's next?
Damn! See where
you point out, Teddy!
His decision to succeed is more
important than anything.
I can give the white
Mr. President.
To the left,
Mr. President!
To the right!
Left!
Everything looks clean,
we should go.
Lord, thank you
for their help today.
The men were very brave
who gave their lives in battle,
the welfare of their nation.
My God, I hope there is room
them with you in heaven.
Dear Father,
Please heal Mary.
She is suffering greatly.
Lord, if only
can you hear me,
give me wisdom to see
clearly the way.
Let me help these undead
find their way to the end.
Help me finish
his torture and misery.
Show them the way
your eternal forgiveness.
Amen
If I kill you
while praying,
your soul goes to heaven, but I
your soul to be damned and black
as hell!
So what will it be?
I'll kill him.
Mr. Garrett.
- Had a moment?
- Yes, sir!
As ended up fighting on the side
the story wrong?
I was born in Alabama,
a plantation in Huntsville,
in Louisiana.
I am not an expert, but what
there was not something normal.
When all men
of my family died,
I thought about joining the war
and do the right thing.
I was young.
- And now?
- Well.. this scourge of zombies,
Mr. Brown calls the curse
upon us all,
is wrong and here.
Everyone should be dead.
And if we find a
way to stop all this,
not only destroy this country, but
end life as we know it.
You are very wise
for his age, Mr. Garrett.
I wonder what their
plans to end this conflict?
Done here, go west
and be a cowboy, sir.
You could have a career
impressive in politics,
or the criminal justice too.
Maybe you, but...
I prefer to start
and a family ride.
A life more attractive.
I understand that everything went well.
Not enough.
I mean in spirit, Mary.
I pray that God help us
and yet see nothing.
You have talked
with General Jackson?
Why do that?
Is a man
of great ability,
with wisdom and courage, Abe.
Maybe he has some idea.
Well, I'm not willing to in
see again.
Maybe this will change
while the situation becomes
more desperate.
How we help our people
to wait here to die?
Some things are worth
dying soldier.
Yes, sir, many men of valour
show it around us.
Are you referring to the Yankees?
Yes, they try
do justice
and I think in your heart
agree with me.
- Soldier, someone has a duty...
- A duty which is not correct.
At the end of day
are we not all brothers?
And we must do what we know
which is correct?
Someone also must follow orders,
cannot betray the trust of others.
More than you even in this
situation, we made an oath
to defend the confederation.
General, all I know is that
this infection spreads.
There will be a confederation
to defend.
I have something to show
you, Mr. Lin...
Mr. President.
A... two... and three.
I trust that this may
be of good use in their efforts?
Certainly.
You know what I
do with it?
Yes?
It is the only option available
that remains.
I do.
I thank you, sir.
And this strong
has other secrets,
including a system of tunnels,
which terminates in an output secret.
Did not teach you how to launch
a man in New York?
Come on, Teddy, you can do it.
It's time to go.
Come on.
Now!
I think it is time, sir.
They are all inside the fort?
Almost.
Okay then!
If you put the fuel
has an additional minute.
- It's time to go, General!
- A few more minutes, Mr. Chairman.
If you can, General,
it's time to move.
- Something is wrong.
- There are still a few seconds.
- We should go to a safe place.
- Take the General, Mr. Brown.
Not without you, Mr. Chairman.
Is there a problem
with the wick?
- You and I will reacendo the wick.
- No, I do it.
- General...
- Mr. President.
Most of these men were
soldiers of the confederacy.
They are all together and is more
appropriate for me to do it.
Jackson?
Great man,
great warrior
until the end.
Let the General die.
How could you?
Looks like you got it, Abe.
I do not know.
We shall soon see.
And now...
No! Mother!
Yes, dear...
I think the time has come.
No! There must be a cure!
Doctors find it
every day.
Tell her, Mr. Lincoln.
- They can.
- But there is no time for me.
Sophia!
My dear,
it's time to say goodbye.
- Mary...
- Abe
if you do not remember
what we said here,
never forget what we did.
And now... is for you... is just
the living end the job.
Good luck, Mr. President.
Thank you, Mr. Garrett.
This fort was built
7 years
where our fathers brought
win a new nation,
to see the freedom to be
dedicated to the proposition
that all men
are equal.
Now we are in a
great civil war,
testing whether that nation
or any other nation
conceived and so dedicated,
can do the impossible.
We're in this big field
battle of that war.
We have come to dedicate a portion
this field
as the final resting place
for those who gave their
lives for the nation alive.
This fits perfectly,
in a proper way
just as we did this.
The world will not remember
what we said here.
But never forget what
they did here,
for us the living.
Will be dedicated to the great task
what remains
before us.
We are here today and these deaths
not be in vain!
In this nation, in the eyes of God, we have
a new birth of freedom.
And a government of the people
by the people,
and for persons
not die here.
How's our patient?
Like... more or less.
And your research?
There was more moved forward
a year and a half ago.
- Frankly, Mr. President,
I think... - No!
No!
Find a Cure!
Not only for her sake, but for
Next time this disease
fall on us, can not
see how violent is it?
Maybe I'm not the man
for this work.
You know more about this
distress than anyone.
But I know nothing.
Mary?
Good to see you.
Sorry for having spent so much
while since my last visit.
The feeling of hostility has
problems caused by the war.
How are they treating you?
These people that I pay
to help you...
Let's see.
Doctor, this level of
dumping down is unacceptable!
Nobody wants to be near her,
Mr. President.
You can blame them?
The victory brings
its own challenges.
Some wish to punish
as I look
restoration of the union.
Do not understand that this is what
will heal the wounds of the nation.
I cannot blame them.
This is an impediment
our efforts
every corner.
Even the old France.
Remember Mr. Wilkinson?
Of my days in Savannah?
The true identity of his
John Wells is a rebel
active and spy.
Informants report
it has
led a revolt
in the nearby town.
Are you planning
my kidnapping.
And my murder.
I'm not afraid.
They are watching him closely and
I am well protected all the time.
Thank you, Mary.
Mary?
Mary!
Oh, my love!
Forgive me!
No! Let me clear this up
for you.
- It disinfectants?
- Yes
Have toilet paper?
I need to send a message
to the White House.
Go!
- Yes?
- Message to you.
Who?
- I did not mean the name.
- Thank you.
Louise, George!
You will not believe fortune!
i look terrible, don't i Mr. Lincoln.
My first night out in such a long time
I want to make a impression.
But... I look awful
Don't i?
You look as beautiful
as ever, my dear.
Thanks, father
Support us and become VIP member
to remove all ads from www.OpenSubtitles.org